Gale WKSW (#2042)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/e/wksw/2013-05-14-wksw-episode-49.md

+++
title = "WKSW Episode 49"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["wksw"]
[extra]
city = "Wołów"
+++

{{ skip_card() }}

> According to the source, there were three matches and the retrun of someone called Kreweta. No further details are known.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
According to the source, there were three matches and the return of a person called Kreweta. No further details are known.
```
